Mobile app engagement
This is a tact of providing the users with reasons, for repeatedly returning to the app and performing the desired actions.
easy onboarding process
push notifications (send event-based notifications, message should be relevant, natural. location based ideas)
unique app experience compared to web in offers, deals.
to retain the users the should realize the benefiets of using the app.
offer rewards
useful content related to financial health to retain

Us Payments behaviour
mostly credit cards, debit cards.
there is a zelle which is a upi but not used very much.
housing -
healthcare -
Wells fargo app features
How is the Wells Fargo Mobile app different from our mobile website?
By using the Wells Fargo Mobile app made specifically for Apple and Android, we use your device’s built-in features to provide a better experience and additional features such as mobile check deposit, biometric authentication, and location services.
What can I do using the Wells Fargo Mobile app?
Account Management
Access your cash, credit, and investment accounts with Touch ID or Face ID
Review activity and balances
View your credit card transactions and manage your rewards
Easily activate or turn cards on or off, add cards to digital wallets, view recurring payments, and manage account access with Card Settings
Deposit Funds
Deposit checks using your iPhone camera
Instantly view the processing deposit in your account
Make Transfers and Payments
Transfer funds between your Wells Fargo accounts and to other financial institutions
Send and receive money with friends and family using a U.S. mobile phone number or email address with Zelle
Pay your bills
Add your eligible cards to Apple Wallet™ to use Apple Pay for fast and convenient payments
Track Investments
Monitor balances, holdings, account activity, and open orders for your WellsTrade accounts
Get real-time quotes, charts, and market data
Stay Secure
Visit the Security Center to report fraud and maintain safe accounts
Manage alerts
Get notified of suspicious card activity with alerts
Access to your FICO Credit Score

  New Features
Introduction of movie tickets booking feature on app.
Market
there are few apps and websites which offer this and in a standalone app or website. fandango, atom tickets, AMC theatre app, regal, cinemark theatre, ticketmaster are some of the ticket booking tools. They offer seamless movie booking experience, ratings, reviews, trailers, event bookings, rewards.
What is our unique value proposition
partnerships with large chain theatres such as AMC Theatres, Regal Cinemas, Cinemark Theatres, Marcus Theatres, Showcase Cinemas. + bank offers + rewards. we are providing a seamless transaction and one app to book tickets in any theatre and we would have certain exclusive seats alloted for the partnership.

Introduction of spending habits analysis
(user must give permission) once we have the analysis we can give personalized suggestions, routines, insights. this makes the well fargo app beyond a balancing checking app.
categorize the transactions
able to set spending goals and budgets(rent, groceries, entertainment)
personal recommendations based on past spending habits
present spending data in a user friendly format with charts and reports
optional : able to add external accounts to get hollistic view of spending across all accounts.

Introduction of QR code system in US. 
Removal of zelle partnership and introduction of QR scanning feature and able to send and recieve money from the app itself instead of third party.
Introduction of Push notifications : 
mostly users disable these notifications or they only enable to get only messages related to credits and debits so this space can be enlarged by increasing the benefits they get and by creating awarness of the features. once they find the value, push notifications will act as trigger for user to comeback to the app.
Introduction of financial health content, cohorts, tips,news.
Introduction of meetups with financial experts :
Introduction of money management tool : 
according to the goal you set , a portion of money will be debited from account and accumlated in our wallets such as if we want to buy home in an year and you want to travel to europe in the next coming 6 months. you set these goals and different wallets will be created and every month certian portion of money will be accumalted into these wallets from our account.
Introduction of housing feature : 
right now in jp morgan chase there is a third party housing feature. People in US buy home by taking loan and they pay emi instead of rent and at the end they sell the house. So showcasing the properties within the app would make home buyer segment people life easy. why not a standalone app? here we showcase our reliable and trusted properties and easy and fast loan sanction process.


